
In this assignment, I try to generate some noise simulating some nice randomness. In addition, removing the color from the captured video and just leaving black/grey/white color is my second experiment.

For the first part, I used fractal Brownian motion to create cloud-shaped noise. By applying color to it (following the instructions in the book of shaders), the cloud noise was nicely animated. In the second noise, I also followed the book's instructions to create some lava-like noise. However, after several attempts, I encountered a problem with coloring this noise. There wasn't much gradient change in this type of noise. Even when I tried to use the 'mix' function to make the black parts red and the white parts yellow, it still looked strange. So I decided not to assign colors to it and kept only the shape.Then, I used the 'mix' function to blend these two noises together and added a parameter called 'noiseBlend.' This parameter is the third argument in the 'mix' function (the first one being lava noise and the second one being cloud noise). By changing its value, we can alter the type of noise on the screen.Previously, I had always used some noise textures created in Photoshop to achieve certain effects. However, the methods to animate these noise textures were limited to translating and rotating the entire textures. Upon closer inspection, it was easy to spot the repeated patterns. This time, I attempted to generate these two noises through coding rather than painting, to see if they would work better. In fact, the cloud-like noise worked well; it was difficult to detect any repeated patterns. However, with the lava-like noise, I still felt that there were some noticeable repetitions."

In the second part, I captured a video and added two parameters to control certain attributes of the video. The first one is 'desaturation.' By changing the value of this variable, we can gradually remove or reassign the original colors of the video. The reason I implemented this function is that sometimes we may need to reassign color information to images, and keeping too much of the original color can make the new colors appear strange. With this feature, we can remove some of the original color before assigning pixels with new colors. The other addition I made is called 'cartoon shape.' By comparing the maximum RGB value in each pixel with a specific threshold, every pixel on the screen will be either black or white, without any gradient transitions between them. This creates a distinctive characteristic of cartoon rendering. Unfortunately, the captured video didn't perform well when changing the value of 'cartoon shape,' both for me and a classmate who provided feedback.
